Silently say I hit you
Then tell me how I hit it
The empress uses a whip
Silently say whip
I don't have calluses on my hands
How could it be the one with the whip?
What if you tell the person behind you?
You can get naked from light hair
What kind of dog slave is this?
How dare you commit a crime in this harem
The emperor's concubine heard that in this harem
Something went wrong
The concubine is in charge of the six palaces
to blame
Please ask the emperor to punish
You dog slave
Hurry up and tell this palace the truth
Empress
Old slave
I heard that you have a 3-year-old granddaughter in your hometown
You wouldn't want to see him sent to the Visitor's Department, would you?
As long as you do it obediently
This palace will keep him safe and sound
No one is just an old slave
It was the old slave who collided with Yuanping himself
The Empress is willing to apologize with death
And Concubine Shu forgives the family of the old slave